what is Emmet?

Emmet is a free add-on plugin for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts
that are then expanded into full pieces of code which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow.

Emmet prevents you from writing the entire code by yourself by providing Emmet abbreviation.

Difference between a Library and Framework?

Framework:
provides ready to use tools,Standards,templates,and policies for fast application development
the framework controls calling of libraraies for our code.
to leverage the benefit of a framework,a fresh application can be developed following the framework's guideline.
Easy to create and deploy an application
helps us to devlop a software application quickly.
Intent of a framework is to reduce the complexity of the software development process.

library:
Provides reusable function for our code. 
Our code controls when and where to call a library.
library can be added to augment the features of an exitsting application
Facilitates program binding
Help us to resuse a software function
Intent of a library is to provide reusable software functionality.


What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.
benefits:
Improving website load times:
Reducing bandwidth costs:
Increasing content availability and redundancy
Improving website security


Why is React known as React?

React is called React because it was designed to be a declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
The name "React" was chosen because the library was designed to allow developers to "react" to changes in state and data within an application, 
and to update the user interface in a declarative and efficient manner.


What is crossorigin in script tag?

The crossorigin attribute specifies that the script element supports CORS.
CORS stands for Cross Origin Resource Sharing.
CORS is a standard mechanism to retrieve files from a third party domain or server.
If specified, the script file request will be sent with or without credentials.

What is diference between React and ReactDOM

React:
React is a open-source JS library. to develop UI (User Interface) on web application or site. Its fully component base.

React Dom:
React DOM is the glue between React and the DOM. When u want to show your react component on DOM u need to use this ReactDOM.render(); from React Dom.

Before v0.14 React Dom was part of ReactJs. The reason React and ReactDOM were split into two libraries was due to the arrival of React Native. React contains functionality utilised in web and mobile apps. ReactDOM functionality is utilised only in web apps.


What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

Development build runs the code as a Development environment and it is very slow. The production environment executes the code and is used by developers and QA people It Development, supports

Generating Source Maps files for CSS, and helping developers to debug the code about original files
Hot reloading enables you to reload changes without restarting the server
Debugger available to debug the code in the browser console
It creates a single bundle.js file
Enable React Developer tools
React DevTools Profiler
Production build is for running the code on client browsers with more performance improvements.

The production environment executes the code and is used by end users or customers
It has separate bundle files for app and vendor instead of a single bundle file
Minification and compression of javascript and HTML resources to reduce the size of a file.
Source Map can be disabled at runtime to reduce the size of the code
Also, Gzipping code to compress and reduce the size.


Dependencies and devDependencies are fields in package.json that list all packages a project depends on.

The dependency field includes all of the third-party packages that are required for your project to work.

On the other hand, the devDependency property contains packages that are only necessary during development.

Dependencies and devDependencies are installed via the npm install command with the --save and --save-dev flags.

What is async and defer? -
With the async, the browser downloads JS files asynchronously while parsing HTML but as soon as the download is finished it stops parsing HTML and executes JavaScript. With the defer, the browser downloads JS files asynchronously while parsing HTML but only executes them when HTML parsing completes.

The browser completes JavaScript execution before the DOMContentLoaded event.

This is the main difference between async and defer. But there is another very important difference between these two attributes you should know about.

The async attribute does not maintain the file orders as they were used in the HTML file while executing them. But The defer attribute always maintains the order.

